Removed .NET framework versioning where appropriate (#55340)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/reflection-and-codedom/reflection-for-windows-store-apps.md

---
# Reflection in the .NET Framework for Windows Store Apps

> .NET Framework includes a set of reflection types and members for use in Windows 8.x Store apps. These types and members are available in the full .NET Framework as well as in the .NET for Windows Store apps. This document explains the major differences between these and their counterparts in the .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET Framework includes a set of reflection types and members for use in Windows 8.x Store apps. These types and members are available in the full .NET Framework and in .NET for Windows Store apps. This article explains the major differences between these and their counterparts in .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions.
```
